cases like these I have seen many but of
far this is the most ridiculous and pathetic
of all everything starts when one so
laila the vampire wolf starts at
relocate and steal characters
invented of sonic saying they are
yours and all the shit that the
typical artists without talent
own for a while I did not give much
importance to the subject sometimes maybe it gave
a brief opinion but all that changed
when I saw the video that appears in
screen to see this video which they
I'll leave the link in the description I started
to make inquiries in the event of
that the author of this video said the
true and indeed your facebook and your
deviantart account exist from
time before the accounts of the
false laila were created in view of
this could give a wider conclusion
and detailed on the subject and says well the
false law already has it by itself
irritating aspect of stealing things and saying
that are yours is like saying that for being
the first to step x place is already the
place belongs to you for that reason in
simple words a ridiculous
there are also certain people who
they defend the false dance saying that
those who criticize it are
stupid who has no respect for others
but I tell you that's the hypocrite for
the simple fact that they complain that
they do not respect her but those who defend her
they do not respect the opinions of those who do not
are in favor of the island be
all constructive or destructive
opinion against her take it badly and
they do their best to invalidate the
do not argue to achieve that end what
it just makes them look bad besides
demand respect that they do not want they want
respect your quotes in art but at
listen to this I can only laugh at
similar argument fallacy by the
fact that steal drawings remember them or
say that the drawings he steals are his
it is not art is to hang from the true
art of others to be like someone
who is an artist but if you know
Learn well as most people
that does not favor the false laila is given
easily account for the fact that
Robert of color is what I do not think
art in any sense I look at it where
I looked at it as I said in the opinion video
about town if you are going to use something else
person who at least certifies
author but as that is something that does not
that after you do not cry and it rains
complaints is like entering
of the tigers with a meat collar at
do you know that you saw cock if the
False laila made her own drawings
and a fool would come to steal the and
say they are yours surely too
would be upset so if you do not want that
Do what she does not do because
so he's not going to have to complain about
conclusion the false anger is a
person who leaves a lot to talk about
because besides stealing drawings he made
another person who was not to blame for
nothing will be wrong in front of many people
for something he never did so in what
personal I think it's in all its
right to criticize the false laila that
is what he gets for stealing drawings of
others but like the ones in this
theme we already know laila does not accept criticism
but that's not my problem anymore
this is all my opinion on this subject
and those who defend the false light
I tell them to think better before
defend the indefensible and at least
have the decency to present
arguments but pure insults like
often asked to funk and we
we will be seeing very soon until the
next
[Music]